- Pages and layout in next.js
- What is the concept of page.js/jsx/ts/tsx?
  page.js is part of the route we create to display its content, and each route has its page.js file.
- What is the rule of layout.js?
  It is the root file of page.js, and page.js is displayed as child in the layout.js.
  In the layout.js we can import components which are going to be shared accross our application by many pages.
  for example we may import navbar.js and footer.js in our layout.js.
  import { Inter } from "next/font/google";
import "./globals.css";

const inter = Inter({ subsets: ["latin"] });

export const metadata = {
  title: "Create Next App",
  description: "Generated by create next app",
};

export default function RootLayout({ children }) {
  return (
    <html lang="en">
    
      <body className={inter.className}>
      <Navbar />
      {children}
      <Footer />
      </body>
    </html>
  );
}

In this example we imported  <Navbar /> and  <Footer /> into our layout.js so that they are going to be available in all the roots in our application.

- We can create a laout.js inside each folder we create if needed.
  Example:
  const HomeLayout = ({children}) => {
return (
     <div>
     <h1> {children}</h1>
    </div>
 )

export default HomeLayout;

  here {children} is the content of page.js that is in the folder that is called Home, therefore we can say that layout.js is used for passing components to our sub-routes.
- How to change page title and meta description on every page?
  To do this, in the root we go to the page.js and add metadata with the wanted data
  
  export const metadata = {
  title: "Create Next App",
  description: "Generated by create next app",
}; 

This way on each page we will have different metadata.

  
