- What is route group?
  Route group is used to create a common folder and put all the routes inside it and we ignore it from the routes and to create a route group we use parenthesis (),
  we create a folder called (web) or any other name and put it inside () and move all route folders to it this way the (web) folder will not be used for routing because its name is inside ().
  - Dynamic routing.
    It means changing number of params and based on them the url is changed therefore the data in our web page is changed.
    We use tehe squere braket to create dynamic routing for example students\[name] here [name] is dynamic route.
    Inside the [name] folder we create a file called page.js where we are going to display our daynamic data.
    
    const page = ({params}) => {
    const {name} = params
    return <div> Student report {name}
    }

    export default page

    - How to catch-All-sagments of dynamic routes by addings ellipis inside the brackets: [...folderName] ?

In Next.js, you can use catch-all routes to handle dynamic routes where the number of segments or parameters can vary. By adding ellipsis inside the brackets ([...]), you indicate that this part of the route can match any number of segments. Here's how you can use catch-all routes with Next.js:
In your Next.js project, create a file inside the pages directory with square brackets and ellipsis in the filename. For example, if you want to create a catch-all route for folders, you can create a file named [...folderName].js.
Inside the file [...folderName].js, you can access the dynamic segments using Next.js's useRouter hook or getServerSideProps/getStaticProps if you're using server-side rendering or static site generation.
Here's an example of how you can handle the dynamic route using the useRouter hook:
import { useRouter } from 'next/router';

const FolderPage = () => {
  const router = useRouter();
  const { folderName } = router.query;

  // folderName is an array containing the dynamic segments
  console.log(folderName);

  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Folder Page</h1>
      {/* Render content based on the dynamic segments */}
    </div>
  );
};

export default FolderPage;
Note: 
[...folderName]
This way makes it obligatory to pass params otherwise 404 error will be displayed, if you want to make it optional you have to add additional brackets [...folderName]

// How to generate static params in dynamic routes using generateStaticParams function.
- Meaning we create routes based on the data availble in the database only.
- Assuming we have a folder called student, we create another directory inside it called [tooper] without providing any three dots
- For this we create function for generating static urls based on the data available in the server.

  export const daynamicParams = false
  const async function generateStaticParams () {
  const topperList = ["topper1", "topper2"]
  return topperList.map((topperItem) => ({
  topper: topperItem
  }))
  }
    export default generateStaticParams

  export const daynamicParams = false => this means the page cannot be displayed by client side dynamic param but only by static params generated by the function generateStaticParams.
